Question	"0-based number of the correct answer; doesn't count the index of the responses, so answer a=0, b=1, c=2, d=3, and so on"	answer 0	what to print if they choose answer 0	answer 1	a1 response	a2	a2 response	a3	response to answer 3
What happens if you use the touch command on a file that exists?	1	"It deletes the contents of the file, making an empty file"	"Touch doesn't do anything destructive like deleting contents of a file, it would just update the access time of the file."	It doesn't change the file contents	"Touch just updates the access time of the file, it doesn't change anything else if the file already exists."	You are asked if you would like to clear the contents of the file	"Touch doesn't do anything destructive like deleting contents of a file, it would just update the access time of the file."		
How could you create an empty file?	2	Use touch and the name of a new file	"Yes, you definitely can use  touch to create an empty file, that's what it does best. But you can also use nano to create a new file."	"Use nano and the name of a new file, save without adding anything"	" If you don't add anything to it before saving, nano will save it as an empty file. However, you can also use touch to do this."	Both of these are equivalent	"Touch creates empty files, and if you don't add anything to it before saving, nano will save it as an empty file. Great work!"		
How do you exit out of nano?	0	You hold down the control/ctrl key and hit x.	"Great job. It's important to know how to get out of a program, so you aren't stuck forever."	You hold down the control/ctrl key and hit q.	Control and x are how you get out of nano!	You hold down the control/ctrl key and hit e.	Control and x are how you get out of nano!	None of the above	Control and x are how you get out of nano!
Which of the following creates a new directory called 'recipes'?	2	nano recipes	"Nano will create a new file, not a folder."	touch recipes	"Touch will not create a folder, just a file."	mkdir recipes	Mkdir creates new folders. You can use the -p flag if you aren't sure if the directory already exists!	All of the above	Only mkdir will create a folder; the other two make files.
I just created a file calle 'cake'. Which of these commands will fail if I run them next?	0	mkdir cake	"Since cake is already a file, you can't have a directory of the same name."	nano cake	You can edit the cake file with nano. It's creating a directory of the same name that would fail.	touch cake	You can use the touch command with an existing file. It's creating a directory of the same name that would fail.	None of the above	You can edit the cake file with nano or use touch on an existing file. It's creating a directory of the same name that would fail.