Which of the following actions can you accomplish with with mv?	3	Cut and paste a file into a new location but with a different file name	You can do this with mv, however, all the other answers are also correct.	Cut and paste a file in a new location	Yes, this is one of the functions of mv, but all the others are also correct.	Rename a file without moving it to a new location	Yes, move can be used to essentially rename a file. But the other answers are also correct!	All of the above	Yes, each of these can be thought of as ways to use the mv command.
What does mv -i do?	0	Prompts the user if mv would otherwise overwrite a file	Yep, mv -i is a good idea, just like cp -i.	Runs mv in an interactive way	Nope, though -i can sometimes mean interactive, it doesn't for the mv program.	Mv input file with -i, and output file with -o.	This is common in other programs, but for mv, it's understood that the first argument is the source and the second one is the destination.
I have three recipe files in my recipes folder. Which of the following does not belong - ie, is NOT equivalent to the others?	1	mv recipes/*.txt ../	This is the same as the others except for mv recipes/*.txt ./	mv recipes/*.txt ./	This is the odd one out because it moves the recipes into the current directory, not the directory above me.	mv recipes/pie.txt recipes/cake.txt recipes/cookies.txt ../	This is the same as the first one. The different one is mv recipes/*.txt ./
Which of the following will give an error?	2	mv recipes/*.txt ./	This is perfectly valid, I am moving all the text files from my recipes folder into my current folder.	mv * ../	This will work, and the contents of the current directory will be bumped up into the parent directory. Only hidden files are immune.	mv recipes/pie.txt recipes/cake.txt recipes/cookies.txt	This will fail because there is no destination! The last argument must be a folder in order to move multiple files.
How does mv differ from copy and delete?	2	mv is faster in most cases	Yes, mv is faster in most cases, but the other answers are also valid!	mv uses less disk space in most cases	True, because mv doesn't have to make a copy, or change the file in anyway except its address, no data is actually moved.	mv can shift whole directories at once without additional flags	Copy creates a whole copy of the file on disk.	Yes, copy will duplicate the file, taking up double the disk space.	All of the above	True, all of the options are properties of mv.
