Can you edit a file with less?	1	yes	While you can invoke a the vi/vim editor from within the less command's interface, less itself is only for reading files.	no	Less is a program mainly for viewing files. You can invoke the vi/vim command from within less, but by default you can't edit files.
How would I look at the last 5 lines of a file?	2	less -n 5	The less command will show you the whole file, not just the last lines. Providing -n to the less command will tell it to suppress line  numbers, and it doesn't expect any further after the -n, so it will treat 5 as though it were a file name and probably fail.	head -n 5	The head command will print out the first lines of a file, not the last lines; use tail to print the end of a file	tail -n 5	Tail prints the last lines of a file. The -n flag can be used to specify how many lines; otherwise it will print the default number, 10 lines.
I have a file that is 400GB big. Which program should I use to open it?	0	less	Yes, less will be able to open this file because it will only read the lines you are immediately looking at, not the whole file. Cat and nano both read the entire thing first.	cat	Cat will print the whole file to the screen. It will probably crash your terminal! If not, you will be waiting a long time for it to finish printing! Use less instead.	nano	This file is way too big for nano to be able to handle. Use less instead.
I have a file that logs all the activity around the castle grounds. Every few seconds, a message is sent to the end of my file, saying whether there is anything suspicious around the wall and moat. What is the easiest way to read a that is being constantly added to? 	2	Use cat to write the file every few seconds	Cat prints the whole file, and only what it can read at once. You would have to manually invoke the command every few seconds - who has patience for that? Tail -f is helpful here.	Use head to look at the beginning of the file	Since new information is written to the end of the file, head won't help you, but tail -f will.	Use tail -f to see lines at the end of the file	Yes, tail lets you see what is at the end of the file. The -f flag tells tail to keep reading the file as it gets more content.
How do I save and close a file in nano?	0	Save with ctrl+o, exit with ctrl+x	Yes, o writes the file out, and x exits. See the bar at the bottom while in nano for help.	Save with ctrl+s, exit with ctrl+q	Even though ctrl+s will save your work in many programs, and q works in less, sadly nano is weird. Use ctrl+o and ctrl+x to save and exit.	Save with ctrl+o, exit with ctrl+q	The save part is correct, but the quit sequence is wrong. Use ctrl+o and ctrl+x to save and exit.	Save with ctrl+s, exit with ctrl+x	Almost; the exit is right, but you save with ctrl+o instead.
