Secret Starbucks menu! Content from https://www.tasteofhome.com/collection/starbucks-secret-menu-items

Orange Drink
Remember the peach ring gummies from your childhood? Imagine that in a drink. That's what you'll get in this sweet, satisfying orange drink from the Starbucks secret menu.  To order, ask for a venti iced half-sweet black tea lemonade combined with peach tea and a splash of soy milk. What's more, this healthy Starbucks drink is vegan and 100% tasty.

Baby Yoda Frappuccino
Yes, the Baby Yoda craze has made it to Starbucks. To order this Star Wars-inspired drink ask for a matcha green tea Frappuccino with caramel drizzle on the cup. Order it with whipped cream, more caramel syrup and caramel crunch topping. It's a sweet drink that'll have your friends feeling green with envy.

Chocolate-Covered Strawberry Drink
For an ombre secret menu drink that's as indulgent as it is Instagram-friendly order up this chocolate-covered strawberry drink. Ask for a venti cold brew with 2 pumps raspberry topped with cold foam, strawberry puree and mocha drizzle. Can't make it to the store, make your favorite Starbucks recipes at home with our Test Kitchen-approved foods.

Tiramisu Frappuccino
Ask your barista for a tiramisu frap by ordering a coffee Frappuccino with a single pump mocha sauce and a half pump each of caramel, vanilla, toffee-nut and hazelnut syrup along with a shot of espresso affogato. When you request 1 shot espresso affogato, your barista will pour hot espresso over your blended, frozen drink, creating a creamy, dreamy Italian-style coffee treat. It's just one of the types of coffee you should know by heart.

Butterbeer Frappuccino
This magical twist on a Starbucks classic will leave Harry Potter fans spellbound. Start with a creme Frappuccino and add three pumps each of caramel and toffee nut syrup.

Three Cs Latte
This triple threat packs a punch of cinnamon, chocolate and caramel flavors! Order a cinnamon dolce latte with mocha sauce and caramel syrup. Learn the difference between Starbucks drink sizes to see how much caffeine is going into your cup.

Purple Drink
Starbucks' Pink Drink is a summertime staple. Meet its equally photogenic counterpart: Purple Drink. Mix passion iced tea, soy milk, vanilla syrup and a scoop of blackberries. Try it with coconut milk, too.

The Medicine Ball
This drink, made with steamed lemonade, hot water, jade citrus mint green tea, peach tranquility tea and honey, might help ease a sore or itchy throat. This cult classic was so popular that Starbucks added it to the menu as honey citrus mint tea. But note that this is not quite a caffeine-free Starbucks drink a grande order contains 16mg of caffeine.

Nutella Frappuccino
This Starbucks secret menu item starts as a Coffee Frap with mocha sauce, hazelnut syrup and whipped cream added. Can't get enough of the chocolate + hazelnut flavor combination? Try these recipes to make with Nutella.

Dirty Chai Latte
Add an extra dose of caffeine to the Starbucks chai latte you know and love for an afternoon super boost. Try it hot or iced. Request a chai latte plus a shot of espresso for this secret menu favorite.

Cotton Candy Frappuccino
This caffeine-free candy-colored treat is a great Starbucks drink for kids—and kids at heart. To order, ask for a vanilla bean Frappuccino blended with raspberry syrup.

Layered Lemonade
This gorgeous ombre lemonade is trendy and tasty. Order lemonade and ask for a layer of strawberry puree on the bottom and top with a peach citrus white tea infusion.
