The passage before you seems crudely hewn from the surrounding rock. As you trace your fingers along the stony walls it feels like the marks were left not by tools, but by some large clawed hand. Your blood chills for a moment as you imagine whatever beast might have had the force to do this occupying the tunnel with you, but steeling your heart you look ahead to see several doors, marked Door_ followed by three random seeming letters and numbers.

This hall is lined with timber, the whole thing managing to seem positively warm and inviting compared to some of the passages you've seen. The scent of pine pervades the space as your light reflects warmly off the timber to reveal doors on either side of the hall marked Door_ followed by three random seeming letters and numbers.

As you open the door to this passage the pungent smell of must and mold imediately invades your nostrills. The walls are covered in a slick sheen of black and green mold that you try desperately not to breath in too deep as you make your way through to the doors, marked Door_ followed by three random seeming letters and numbers. 

It takes you a moment to notice, as you walk through the hall that every sound you make echos back a moment later, just a little too loud and a bit distorted. The further you walk the more the sound of your own footsteps reverberating piles up and you hurry towards one of the doors, marked Door_ followed by three random seeming letters and numbers to escape the sound before it drives you mad.

Upon opening the door to the hall you are immediately overwhelmed by a stream of bats flying in your face. The noise and wings buffet you, completely drowning out all rational though as you wave your arms franticly trying to clear the space around your head until, as suddenly as they flew out, the last of the bats passes you and once again you are left in now defening scilence to take in the rather plain looking passageway before you. To either side, doors marked Door_ followed by three random seeming letters and numbers.

Your torches flicker as you open up this passageway. It seems there's a fairly strong breeze coming from down the hall. You could almost swear you could detect a faint scent of the ocean in the warm air as it whips around you. That can't be right though, can it? To you left and to your right you see more doors marked Door_ followed by three random seeming letters and numbers.

This passage seems more finished than those that came before. Carpet lines the ground and the walls are painted and tastefully decorated. Seems like a lot of trouble for a place like this. The doors here too are just a bit nicer with brass hinges and solid looking doorknobs. 

The passage grows more and more narrow as you progress. What started out wide enough for two to walk side by side with ease before long leaves one feeling cramped and claustrophobic. Probably best to pick one of the doors to either side before risking getting stuck in the passage itself. 

Nothing seems too particularly notable about this dark hallway until you let your hand graze against the wall. Everything, it seems, is lined with soot. The dark powder sticks instantly to you and soon starts to spread to your clothes as well. Whatever color you had on your items is soon obscured by the clinging soot. Ahead you see door after door, marked Door_ followed by three random seeming letters and numbers.

A small stream flows through the center of this passageway. The soft burble of running water is soothing and, after so much thirst-inducing walking, drinking a bit of the water seems mighty tempting. As you lean close there's something about the scent of the water that warns you away though, perhaps another source would be better. As you walk along you see to either side, doors marked Door_ followed by three random seeming letters and numbers.
