Does capitalization, spaces and punctuation matter in Bash?	0	Yes	Bash is super picky! Correctamundo!	No	Yes, they do matter. Bash can be picky if all of these are not handled correctly.	Maybe	Yep, they definitely do matter. Bash can be picky if all of these are not handled correctly.	How should I know?	Try practicing this in Bash and you will see! It's really picky.
What does ls stand for?	0	List	Yep, ls is for listing files and folders in Bash.	Lysol	During COVID, we all wish we could just run a command and kill viruses, don't we? But ls stands for list.	Logic System	ls is for list. You may want to try this lesson again to make sure you understand ls, and how to use it!	LongSword	ls is for list. You may want to try this lesson again to make sure you understand ls, and how to use it!	LightSaber	ls is for list. You may want to try this lesson again to make sure you understand ls, and how to use it!
Which of the following is not equivalent to ls -lah?	0	ls --lah	Two dashes have a different meaning. Here, bash would look for a parameter called "lah", which is just a silly word.	ls -la -h	ls -lah has a single dash, which means that each letter is interpreted as a separate parameter. -la is the same as -l and -a.	ls -l -a -h	ls -lah has a single dash, which means that each letter is interpreted as a separate parameter. -lah is the same as -l and -a and -h.	ls -alh	ls -lah has a single dash, which means that each letter is interpreted as a separate parameter, so the order of letters doesn't matter; they are all separate.
What is a shell?	3	A program that allows you to hack other computers by typing 0s and 1s	Only in science fiction. It allows you to interact with the computer's operating system.	A program that blocks you from interacting with your computer	It feels that way sometimes. Normally it allows you to interact with the computer's operating system.	A program that protects you from viruses detected on your program	We wish. It allows you to interact with the computer's operating system.	A program that lets you interact with a computer's operating system	Perfect job.	A part of a turtle	A shell is totally part of a turtle. But you might have guessed that we are talking about computers - a shell lets you interact with the computer.
What is Bash?	2	A kind of shell	It's actually all of the above! Bash is a shell with it's own kind of language, and a shell is a way to interact with the computer.	A language you can use in Unix	It's actually all of the above! Bash is a shell with it's own kind of language, and a shell is a way to interact with the computer.	An interface that lets you interact with the computer	It's actually all of the above! Bash is a shell with it's own kind of language, and a shell is a way to interact with the computer.	All of the above	Great job. Bash is a shell with it's own kind of language, and a shell is a way to interact with the computer.